# Sprint 2 Retrospective (05/25/2025)

### Attendance: Katy, Zhenyu, Chencheng, Nick, Jaylynne, Ryan, Chung Yin, Haoting, Pranay, Zack, Darwin

### Important note: Due to some initial timeline confusion and scheduling conflicts, Sprint 1 ran from Tuesday-Tuesday. For this sprint, we set an accelerated timeline in order to get back on track.


### What did we do? 
- Improved design on html pages
- Made sure custom element rendered with CSS
- Redo the logic of the IndexDB
- Improve and make deliverables for CI pipeline checkpoint 2
- Sort out some CSS bugs / Deal with inline CSS and Javascript
- Use a `#stand-up` channel on Slack to update the group every other day on our progress.
- Use a team calendar for reminders and meeting times.
- Use a centralized document with teams, tasks, and guidelines for this sprint.
- Use Github Projects more closely to keep track of our tasks for this sprint. 


### What went well?
- We made some progress combining our code but still have a lot to do.
- Much better communication on Slack; this improved productivity.
- The `#stand-up` channel was a great, structured update for everyone to be able to check in.
- Delegating people to review PRs was also helpful.
- Responsibility of subteam goals is showing, with members taking ownership of subtasks and putting pride into their work.
- Tasks are clearer (received feedback from all that the document and calendar were very helpful).

### What didnâ€™t go as well? 
- Communication can still be improved between groups.
- Please react to messages on `Slack`, this helps the leaders understand if they need to follow up with people and if they are actually getting their messages across.
- Still issues with actually getting anything up and running. Still issues with putting everything together.
- People used Github Projects more closely but didn't connect issues to the actual PR. 

### Ideas for improvement/action items:
- React to message on Slack if you see them! Turn on Slack notifications.
- Be willing to actually have a meeting with another group -- Slack messaging is fine but sometimes getting face to face can be largely helpful.
- More structures for PRs, a set workflow for linking PRs to issues.
- Keep the leaders notify if something comes up and you will be unresponsive for x amount of time.
- Communicate if you need help.
- Big action item: at this point, we just need to get MVP working, and we are even thinking of lowering the scope of this as well. 
