# Sprint 3 Retrospective (06/01/2025)

### Attendance: Katy, Zhenyu, Chencheng, Nick, Ryan, Zack, Jaylynne, Pranay, Haoting (not here but communicated, so all good: Destin, Darwin). (not here, not communicated: Chungyin).


### What did we do? 
- Got a functioning game!
- Made some great progress in code
- Spurts of lots of work/communication from people, which is promising
- Better communication within teams and among teams; fostered by smaller, team-specific channels
- Had some merge issues and branching issues
- Miro board!

[Here's some stuff we did in the meeting!](retro-3.pdf)


### What went well?
- Much more progress than previous sprints
- Taking ownership of individual tasks and finishing them
- Getting together to resolve conflicts is much better than trying to do it all online
- Stand up was helpful for understanding what people had accomplished that day
- The style of the game page is great and super creative
- Get to add fun design choices finally


### What didnâ€™t go as well? 
- Work was really done in spurts -- this is understandable because we had a midterm, but it was discussed in the pre-sprint and though it was brought up, people didn't practically address this.
- Concern about equal contributions -- lots of people are spending a huge amount of time on this, and others are not. Discussion about credit, and ownership of tasks. Boils down to communication: do not say you're going to do something that you won't. If you can't do it, communicate.
- Speed of coding -- simple tasks, though it's good they're being completed, are taking too long to get done. It's unfortunately not enough to add a few lines of code and take days to get this done. Reach out for help if you need it.
- Acknowledgement of messages on Slack. The leaders have said this many different ways, so we will put it in the retrospective too. Please acknowledge Slack messages when you see them. And reply if you are "invoked" :).
- Messy coding. This was covered in the review but we need to be more intentional about our code.
- Follow the workflow defined in the Sprint document. If you are an assigned reviewer, please review.  


### Ideas for improvement/action items:
- Some clear bugs to get fixed
- Talk to more people in your teams, different teams, etc.
- Good contact with the TA, this will be continued moving forward.
- Continue to update #stand-up. If not bi-daily, whenever you've accomplished something or feel like you have something to share. It is an issue if you feel you have nothing to add to standup.
- Sustained sprint, not last-two-days sprint. It's inevitable that the end will be rough, but let's try to relieve this as much as we can.
- Please communicate if something comes up and you are behind/can't complete something.
- Keep the branches cleaner moving forward, delete your branches that are unneeded now. 
